
--- PAGE 1 ---
BREAKFAST SANDWICHES / WRAPS / BURGERS HOT BEVERAGES
Chai 1.50
Poha 12 Chilli Cheese Sandwich 19
Flattened rice tossed with onions, mustard seeds, and mild spices. A toasted sandwich loaded with melted cheese and spicy green Masala Chai 4 Masala Chai Big 6
chillies, served with crispy golden fries.
Upma 12
Adrak Chai 4 Adrak Chai Big 6
Light, savory, and satisfying; roasted semolina cooked with Bombay Sandwich 22
Black Tea 5 Zafran Chai 8
fragrant spices and fresh vegetables. A toasted sandwich loaded with melted cheese and spicy green chillies, served
with crispy golden fries. (Available with and without cheese)
Stuffed Paratha’s Americano 10 Latte 13
Omelette Sandwich 20
Freshly prepared whole wheat flatbreads stuffed with your
Cuppuccino 13 Spanish Latte 16
A fluffy masala omelette tucked between toasted bread slices, served with
choice of flavorful fillings—Paneer, Aloo, Cheese, or Methi—and
crispy golden fries. (Available with and without cheese)
cooked to golden perfection. Desi Coffee 2 Masala Coffee 3
Chicken Tikka Sandwich 24
Aloo / Methi 16
Espresso Single 8 Espresso Double 11
Flavorful chicken tikka with fresh vegetables and sauces in toasted bread,
Cheese / Paneer 19
served with crispy fries. (Available with and without cheese)
Thepla Platter 17
Chicken Mayo Sandwich 24
A Gujarati Specialty! Fried spiced flatbread served with a
Tender chicken mixed with creamy mayonnaise in toasted bread, served with
flavorful potato curry crispy fries.
Poori Bhaji 17 Wraps - Aloo 20 / Paneer 25 / Chicken 25
Fried poori served with a spicy potato curry. Your choice of aloo, paneer, or chicken wrapped with fresh
vegetables and flavorful sauces in a wheat or white paratha, served
Chole Bhatura 24 MIMI’S TEA BLEND
with fries or salad.
Fluffy deep-fried flatbread served with a spicy chickpea curry
GREEN TEA 8
BURGERS
Maska Bun 5
A soft bun slathered with creamy sweet butter Choose from Peri Peri Aloo Tikki, Paneer, Chicken, or Nihari Burger, served in a CCF TEA 8
soft toasted bun with fresh toppings, signature sauces, with side of crispy A calming blend of cumin, coriander, and fennel, offering a
Egg Paratha 17 golden fries and Coke, Sprite or Water. naturally aromatic and comforting tea experience.
Omelette with onions, green chilies, and fresh coriander
Peri Peri Aloo Tikki 23 / Paneer 27
IMMUNITY BOOSTER 8
rolled in a flaky paratha
Masala Fried Chicken 27 / Nihari 32
A spicy, aromatic blend of ginger, pepper, turmeric, cinnamon, and
Egg Bhurji Pav 18 cloves for a warm and revitalizing tea experience.
Scrambled eggs cooked with onions and tomatoes, Golden Tea 8
served with buttery pav A rich, golden infusion of turmeric, saffron, cinnamon, and honey,
creating a warm, fragrant, and naturally comforting tea experience.
Masala Omelette 17
Tea Infusions 11
A classic breakfast favorite featuring fluffy eggs infused
with onions, tomatoes, herbs, and spices, accompanied
by warm golden toast.
+ 1 2 3 - 4 5 6 - 7 8 9 0 | w w w . r e a l l y g r e a t . s i t e . c o m | 1 2 3 A n y w h e r e S t . , A n y C i t y

--- PAGE 2 ---
CHAAT MIMI’S SPECIAL SMALL PLATES
Pani Puri 12 Vegetarian Thali 27 Punjabi Samosa Plate 10
Bite-sized crispy puris bursting with spicy, tangy, and sweet flavors. A complete Indian meal with gravy sabzi, dry sabzi, dal, rice, 4 rotis, Fried pastry stuffed with spiced potatoes.(2 pcs)
appetizer, sweet, and water.
Sev Puri / Dahi Puri / Bhel Puri 13 Green Chili Paneer 22
Chicken Thali 30
A classic Indian street snack made with crispy puris, tangy Paneer sautéed with peppers and onions in a zesty green chili
A wholesome platter with chicken gravy, dry sabzi, dal, rice, 4 rotis,
chutneys, fresh vegetables, and a flavorful blend of sweet, spicy, sauce.
appetizer, sweet, and water.
and savory toppings for a refreshing burst of taste in every bite.
Hara Bhara Kebab 20
Flavorful patties cooked with spinach, peas, and spices (6pcs)
Dabeli 13
BIG PLATE
A sweet and spicy potato-filled bun topped with chutneys, Cheese & Broccoli Fritters 24
peanuts, and sev. Dal Fry / Tadka 25 Crispy golden bites of broccoli and melted cheese, lightly spiced.
Yellow lentils cooked to perfection and finished with a fragrant (4pcs)
Aloo Tikki / Samosa Chaat 17
garlic and spice tempering for a rich, homestyle flavor. Served with
Crispy potato patties served with yogurt, chutneys, sev and Chicken / Paneer Tikka Skewers 24
rice,.
chaat masala. / Crispy samosas topped with chickpeas, Succulent chicken or paneer tikka marinated in spices and grilled
chutneys, and sev. Veg Makhani 33 on skewers for a smoky, flavorful bite.
A rich, creamy mix of garden vegetables in a buttery tomato gravy
Samosa Pav / Vada Pav 11 Kerala Style Fried Chicken 20
with mild spices, served with paratha.
Crispy samosa or potatoe fritter served inside soft pav with Tender chicken marinated in a blend of spices, deep-fried to
chutneys, onions, and spices for a flavorful street-food twist. Veg / Egg Bhurji Masala 33 crispy perfection.
Finely chopped mixed vegetables or eggs sautéed with onions,
Papadi Cone Chaat 20 tomatoes, and aromatic Indian spices, creating a delicious and Regular / Peri Peri Fries 14
Crispy papdi cones filled with spicy potatoes, chutneys, yogurt, hearty homestyle dish. Served with paratha. Crispy golden fries tossed with a smoky, spicy peri-peri seasoning
and sev
Paneer Tikka Lababdar 33
Pav Bhaji 24 SPaneer tikka cubes in a rich, creamy tomato-onion gravy with aromatic COLD BEVERAGES
Spiced mashed vegetables served with butter-toasted spices, served with paratha.
pav.
Murg-E-Nizami 33 Iced Latte 14
Misal Pav 24 Tender chicken in a rich, creamy Mughlai gravy with aromatic spices, nuts, Iced Spanish Latte 16
and a hint of saffron, served with paratha.
Spicy sprout curry topped with farsan, served with pav.
Cold Coffee 16
Chicken Kosha 33
LASSI Sweet / Salty 13
Tender chicken slow-cooked in a rich, spiced onion-based gravy for an
Pakora’s
authentic homestyle flavor. Served with paratha. Masala Chaas 13
Crispy, golden fritters made with vegetables
Fresh Lime Soda / Water 13
coated in spiced gram flour batter and deep- Bread
Hibiscus Srikanji 15
fried to perfection. Roti 2 / Plain Paratha 6 / Lacha Paratha 7
Mojito Mint / Passion Fruit 16
Bajra Roti 7
Aloo / Methi / Onion 15 Masala Cola 13
Chilli 12 / Cheese Corn 16 / Mix Pakora 18 RICE
Milkshake 20
Paneer 19 Plain Rice or Jeera Rice 15
Soft Drink 5
Veg Pulao 25
Water 2
Biryani Paneer 28 / Chicken 30
+ 1 2 3 - 4 5 6 - 7 8 9 0 | w w w . r e a l l y g r e a t . s i t e . c o m | 1 2 3 A n y w h e r e S t . , A n y C i t y