
--- PAGE 1 ---
HOT BEVERAGES
Chai 1.50
Masala Chai 4 Masala Chai Big 6
Adrak Chai 4 Adrak Chai Big 6
BREAKFAST SANDWICHES / WRAPS / BURGERS
Black Tea 5 Zafran Chai 8
Poha 14 Chilli Cheese Sandwich 19 Americano 10 Latte 13
Flattened rice tossed with vegetables, onions, green chilies, mild A toasted sandwich loaded with melted cheese and spicy green
Cuppuccino 13 Spanish Latte 16
spices, peanuts, and topped with sev and fresh green mango. chillies and capcicum served with crispy golden fries.
Upma 14 Desi Coffee 2 Masala Coffee 3
Bombay Sandwich 22
Classic vegetable upma with aromatic spices.
Toasted sandwich layered with fresh vegetables, green chutney, served with
Espresso Single 8 / Double 11
crispy golden fries. Available with or without cheese.
Stuffed Paratha’s
Omelette Sandwich 22
Fresh whole wheat stuffed parathas, served with yogurt & pickle. COLD BEVERAGES
A fluffy masala omelette tucked between toasted bread slices, served with
Aloo Paratha OR Methi Paratha 16
crispy golden fries. (Available with and without cheese)
Iced Latte 14
Cheese Paratha OR Paneer Paratha 19
Chicken Tikka Sandwich 24 Iced Spanish Latte 16
Poori Bhaji 17
Flavorful chicken tikka with green chutney, served with crispy fries.
Cold Coffee 15
Poori served with potato curry.
Chicken Mayo Sandwich 24 LASSI Sweet / Salty 13
Chole Bhatura 24 Tender chicken mixed with creamy mayonnaise in toasted bread, served with
Masala Chaas 13
Fluffy deep-fried flatbread served with chickpea curry crispy fries.
Hibiscus Srikanji 15
Thepla Platter 17
Fresh Lime Soda / Water 13
Wraps - Aloo 20 / Paneer 25 / Chicken 25
A Gujarati Specialty! Spiced flatbread served with a flavorful dry
Fresh Orange Juice 16
potato bhaji. Your choice of aloo, paneer, or chicken wrapped with fresh
Mojito Mint / Passion Fruit 16
vegetables and flavorful sauces in a wheat or white paratha, served
Maska Bun
with fries or salad. Masala Cola 13
Soft bun with sweet butter. 6 | With Chai 8
Milkshake 20
Cheese Honey Maska Bun. 9 | With Chai 11
BURGERS
Soft Drink 5
Egg Paratha 18 Choose your favorite burger, served with fries & Soft Drink or water. Water 2
Peri Peri Aloo Tikki 23 / Paneer 27
Omelette with onions, green chilies, and fresh coriander
Masala Fried Chicken 27 / Nihari 32
rolled in a flaky paratha
Rice Bowls
Egg Bhurji Pav 18
Scrambled eggs cooked with onions, chilies and tomatoes, Grilled Chicken OR Vegetable with Herb Rice Bowl 22
served with buttery pav
Nasi Goreng Rice Bowl – Indonesian-style fried rice with your
choice of vegetables or chicken, tossed with aromatic spices.
Masala Omelette 18
24
Masala omelette with onions, tomatoes, chillies, toast &
chai.
All prices are in AED and inclusive of 5% VAT www.cuppachai.ae Review us on Google!
Terms and Conditions apply IG: @cuppachai.ae Cuppa Chai Restaurant and Cafe
Call us on +971 58 529 1834
Items may change with ingredients and availability. Please inform us of allergies in advance.

--- PAGE 2 ---
CHAAT MIMI’S SPECIAL SMALL PLATES
Pani Puri 12 Vegetarian Thali 27 Punjabi Samosa Plate 10
Bite-sized crispy puris bursting with spicy, tangy, and sweet flavors. A complete Indian meal with gravy sabzi, dry sabzi, dal, rice, 4 rotis, Fried pastry stuffed with spiced potatoes.(2 pcs)
appetizer, sweet, and water.
Sev Puri OR Dahi Puri OR Bhel Puri 13 Green Chili Paneer 22
Chicken Thali 30
Classic Indian street snack with tangy chutneys, mashed Paneer sautéed with peppers and onions in a
A wholesome platter with chicken gravy, dry sabzi, dal, rice, 4 rotis,
potatoes and crunchy toppings. zesty green chili sauce.
appetizer, sweet, and water.
Dabeli 13 Hara Bhara Kebab 20
A sweet and spicy potato-filled bun topped with chutneys, BIG PLATE Flavorful patties cooked with spinach, peas, and spices (6pcs)
peanuts, and sev.
Cheese & Broccoli Fritters 24
Dal Fry OR Tadka 25
Aloo Tikki Chaat Or Samosa Chaat 17 Crispy golden bites of broccoli and melted cheese,
Yellow lentils cooked to perfection and finished with a fragrant garlic
lightly spiced. (6pcs)
Crispy potato patties served with, chutneys, sev and chaat masala.
and spice tempering for a rich, homestyle flavor. Served with rice.
/ Crispy samosas topped with chickpeas, chutneys, and sev.
Chicken OR Paneer Tikka Skewers 24
Veg Makhani 33
Succulent chicken or paneer tikka marinated in spices
Samosa Pav OR Vada Pav 11
A rich, creamy mix of garden vegetables in a buttery tomato gravy
and grilled on skewers for a smoky, flavorful bite.
Crispy samosa or potatoe fritter served inside soft pav with with mild spices, served with paratha.
chutneys, and spices for a flavorful street-food twist.
Kerala Style Fried Chicken 20
Veg OR Egg Bhurji Masala 33
Kala Channa Chaat 16 Tender chicken marinated in a blend of spices, deep-fried
Mixed vegetables or eggs sautéed with onions, tomatoes, and
to crispy perfection.
Spiced black chickpeas with green chilies, onions, tomatoes Indian spices. Served with paratha.
and dry spices. Chili Chicken 20
Paneer Tikka Lababdar 33
Crispy chicken tossed with onions, bell peppers, and
Papadi Cone or Katori Chaat 20
Paneer tikka cubes in a rich, creamy tomato gravy with
spicy chili sauce.
Crispy papdi cones or katori filled with spicy potatoes, chutneys,
aromatic spices, served with paratha.
and sev Regular OR Peri Peri Fries 14
Murg-E-Nizami 33 Crispy golden fries tossed with a smoky, spicy
Pav Bhaji 24
Tender chicken in a rich, creamy onion gravy with peri-peri seasoning
Spiced mashed vegetables served with butter-toasted pav.
aromatic spices, served with paratha.
MIMI’S TEA BLEND
Misal Pav 24 Chicken Kosha 33
Spicy sprout curry topped with farsan, served with pav. Tender chicken slow-cooked in a rich, spiced onion-based
GREEN TEA 8
gravy for an authentic homestyle flavor. Served with paratha.
Pakora’s Butter Chicken 33 CCF TEA 8
A soothing blend of cumin, coriander, and fennel with a warm,
Crispy, golden fritters made with vegetables coated in Tender chicken in a rich, creamy tomato gravy, served with
aromatic, and comforting flavor.
spiced gram flour batter and deep-fried to perfection. paratha.
IMMUNITY BOOSTER 8
(All pakoras are served in portions of 8 pieces. Mix Pakora is served in 12 pieces)
Bread / Biryani
A spicy, aromatic blend of ginger, pepper, turmeric, cinnamon, and
Aloo OR Methi OR Onion 15 (served with Chai)
cloves for a warm and revitalizing tea experience.
Roti 2 / Plain Paratha 6 / Laccha Paratha 7 / Bajra Roti 7
Chilli 12 / Cheese Corn 16 / Mix Pakora 18
Golden Tea 8
Paneer 19 Paneer Biryani Spiced basmati rice layered with paneer. 28
Rich golden tea infused with turmeric, saffron, cinnamon, and honey for a
Chicken Biryani Fragrant basmati rice layered with spiced
warm, fragrant, comforting sip.
chicken. 30 (Served with Raita, Pickle & Papad)
Tea Infusions 11
All prices are in AED and inclusive of 5% VAT. www.cuppachai.ae Review us on Google!
Terms and Conditions apply IG: @cuppachai.ae Cuppa Chai Restaurant and Cafe
Call us on +971 58 529 1834
Items may change with ingredients and availability. Please inform us of allergies in advance.